There once was a developer who created a game called Fictionario, it was quite a good game and very popular. So of course a certain subset of its fans decided to play through it as fast as they could. This didn't really interest the developer and he felt they were missing out on some of the great experiences he had put in the game. But they were just this small group and they weren't really causing problems for anyone else. So he went on his way working on the next great phase of his game.

This group was mostly made up of competitive individuals and so naturally leaderboards were created to keep track of who was going fastest. That of course quickly led to all sorts of improbable claims. So videos of the playthrough were then required to show that these ridiculous times had actually happened. It also turned out that it was quite entertaining to watch these videos. And so while most players did not have the most fun playing the game as fast as possible, a much larger portion did most enjoy watching the game this way.

Thus as the time neared to release the new expansion, the Marketing Department came to the developer and said, "We need to generate more hype!" This of course is what they always said, so he started to think about why the conveyors still wouldn't build across each other like they were supposed. But then just as he realised that there was a really elegant solution, they said "We should have a LAN party." This was a bit distracting and certainly out of character for the Marketing Department.

"We just had one last week and some of you spent the whole time putting display panels around the map", he said while rather pointedly looking at one junior member in particular.

"No no, not an office party. We'll invite the most popular content creators who play  our game and then they will tell all their followers about it and we will have more hype!"

Now this did sound fun and having outside people in to play would probably help turn up a few bugs in the new areas that hadn't been found yet as well.

"That sounds good", and then he had another thought, "I want to make sure they aren't going to spoil the game for all their followers though."

"Don't worry, we'll have everyone agree to not talk about information we haven't already released."

